we're not doing this together we're not
doing it all say goodbye to your tickets
come any closer
can I call a little bit closer valuable
things are getting squished that's more
important your friends or money friends
Monica what about your extra tickets
they're all in there even these five
that I hid in my bra water John hey good
effects were so scared there is no way I
was gonna jump this I think I broke your
bowl
[Music]
hello that this is the pigeon from the
balcony calling to apologize
I shouldn't have not the tickets out of
the pretty lady's hand it was all my
fault not hers bye coop
well I bet that was very hard for him to
do you guys you're not gonna believe
this I was just saying goodnight to Emma
and she said her first words Oh what did
she say she said gleba make me rich yeah
no no that's great
Wow why aren't you more excited Oh Rach
gleba is not a word
well of course it is okay what does it
mean well I don't know all the words
I've been stumped as a glad I didn't
miss my daughter's first words yes you
did gleba is a word okay use it in a
sentence okay uh Emma just said gleba
it's not a word okay okay okay fine I'm
gonna look it up oh okay great you know
what while you're at it she said another
word the other day why don't you want
you look up all right okay okay gleba
gleba gleba gleba oh goodness
the fleshy spore-bearing inner mass of a
certain fungi she's gonna be a scientist
Chandler you were the strongest person
in the program we're offering you the
position of junior copywriter me that
guy who just said butt cracks yes that's
right we're excited about the level of
sophistication you'll be bringing to the
job okay well thanks you won't regret it
I'll see you tomorrow
what oh yeah I'm gonna be a junior
copywriter that's why I'm so proud of
you that mean I get the good lovin
tonight that no TV or anything hey that
is so great about the job
thanks man and I'd like to think I had a
little something to do with it really
why well before with the wishbone
I uh I didn't wish we would win the
lottery I wished you'd get the job oh
yeah listen don't tell Monica she'll rip
your heart right out here guys so I just
called the Powerball hotline can you
believe it nobody would um I beg to
differ
maybe nobody won the jackpot but there
was this guy in here earlier and he
found a ticket on the street right
outside and won $10,000
you
cool again don't blame the pretty lady
it's not her fault
it was me the pigeon COO seriously stop
staring